Do you see anything?
Do you see any witnesses?
What are they?
Psalm 27 is really going to help us.
Jehovah is my light and my salvation.
Whom should I fear?
Jehovah is the stronghold of my life.
Whom should I dread?
When evil then attack me to devour my flesh.
My adversaries and my enemies were the ones who stumbled and fell.
Though an army should set up camp against me,
my heart will not fear.
The war should break out against me,
even then I will remain confident.
One thing I have asked of Jehovah.
Where would I be if I did not have faith
that I would see Jehovah's goodness in the land of the living?
Hope in Jehovah.
Be courageous and strong of heart.
Yes.
Hope in Jehovah.
Thank you, Brother Brown.
That Psalm is very faith-strengthening.
It is, Chris.
Especially the question at verse 13.
Where would I be if I did not have faith?
I think all of us can identify with that question.
Absolutely.
Without faith, none of us would be here.
All of us here.
And all of our brothers everywhere.
At this hour,
we can all feel good that we've worked hard
to build faith in Jehovah's promises.
We've all resisted temptations.
To serve God half-heartedly
with a date in mind or for some selfish reason.
Instead of just going through the motions of being a disciple,
our faith is real, it's genuine.
Paul called that faith faith without hypocrisy.
And to have seen you build that kind of faith,
just warms my heart.
You studied God's Word to better understand His ways
and His promises.
That has made your faith strong today.
You reasoned on Jehovah's past dealings with you
and that has given you strength
to remain loyal under test.
And your faith has led you here
as loyal servants of Jehovah.
Confident that Psalm 97 verse 10 applies to you personally.
Jehovah is guarding the lives of His loyal ones.
Shut the basement.
Shut back.